{I think.
So just like last time, describe
what you see and.
Um, what is happening in the
story?}
#START_wanderer So there was a
big tidal wave and on the left
side of the page.
The the boat is underneath the
the wave and it's in a.
Vertical position and on the
right side there is some type of
sea creature.
That there's a striped fish at
the bottom there is a.
A mast and there's an A person,
some kind of creature on the
horizontal part of the mast and
he's looks like he's.
Going to throw a paper airplane
at the.
At the wave and to to his right
is a cat on a string that's
connected from the the mast to a
kite with a big hole in it. The
kite is has a dark background
with bright stars on it and
there's a big rip in the half
and so there are two small
children who are.
Holding on to the kite.
That's all.
OK, here on the left side of the
page, the little boat is on.
On the sea and there's a
lightning storm in the
background. You can see a
lightning strike coming down
from the clouds into the sea,
and it's a very dark and cloudy
sky. And on the right side the,
the, the paper airplane is
hurling across the sky, over the
sea. And it's a again a very
dark, even a darker sky than the
previous.
Frame with some clouds.
In the sky.
OK.
This.
OK, this is a scene where the
the the little boat is on the
sea and they look like Donuts.
And it's sailing in between, but
we look to the next page and.
It may not be doughnuts, but
maybe a sea creature like an eel
or snake that that's very long
and it's.
It's got two tiny feet and it's
mouth has grasped the paper
airplane.
And here on the left side we see
a dragon that's in a in a cave.
Looks like it's a series of
caves.
But it's it's the creature from
the previous page, and in the
next scene we see.
Two creatures, the one on the
left.
Looks a little bit like.
Get rid of this thing.
Looks a little bit like ohh.
The little boat is in the water
like in the midst of the eel,
and then we see two other
creatures. One has a a head,
sort of like an elephant with a
spikes coming out of its trunk
and the other is is a type of
looks like a type of whale.
Or type of lizard with a long,
long, sharp horn coming out of
its head.
And this we see.
The the.
The little boat.
Is in the water and those two
creatures that I just described
are to its left and the one with
the.
Horn coming out of its head is
shooting 2 streams of water from
its nostrils.
Into the.
Into the little boat and one on
the side of the to the side of
the boat. And then the other
creature that has a head like an
elephant is just standing there
and watching. And to the right
of that we see a creature of
fish like creature with legs and
long fins standing on a beach
that's littered with bottles and
cans and other types of trash.
And at this point.
He's looking out into the sea
and the little boat is a
distance from the shore.
So here on the left side.
Of the page, we see that the
little boat is in the water
underneath water, and it's in
the midst of many jellyfish. And
then next, then on the right,
there is one jellyfish that's
larger than all the rest and
it's.
It's got like a sun in the
middle with the beams coming
from all around it.
Here on the left side we see
that the little boat is in front
of a a school of fish that look
like flounder, and at the bottom
we see a deep sea fish that's
approaching some type of smaller
creature.
On the right side we see this
the smaller a lot of small
creatures, sea creatures that
aren't necessarily fish and and
then one large that looks like a
jellyfish that looks like it's
about to develop the boat deep
under the sea.
And in this.
We see at the bottom of the.
At the ocean floor.
Three creatures that look like a
have like Caterpillar bodies
with legs on them and they're
sort of frolicking and it looks
like a flower or plant but it's
it's difficult to tell. And then
on the right side of that there
is like a submarine with.
Creatures or things flying
around or swimming around in the
ocean depths and it looks like
they have light emanating from
their eyes and the little boat
is on the nose of the submarine.
And this we see that the little
boat is on the nose of the
submarine, but the submarine has
now broken the surface of the
sea, and to its right is a
fishing vessel that.
It looks like there's a whale
with all kinds of tentacles.
Or maybe maybe two different
creatures that are at the back
of the back of the fishing boat.
The the sky is filled with
seagulls and the ocean depths
are filled with a a school.
OK, OK, here we see that it's a
fairly clear sky, a few public
clouds, and it's daylight. The
sea is clear. There are some.
Seals playing with the boat and
one seal has is balancing it on
its snout while the other three
are swimming around it. Just
looking underneath. There are a
half a dozen or so other.
Other seals swimming around and
then to the right of them is a
some vegetation on a.
And there are other seals and
fish swimming amongst the
vegetation.
One on the left there are
jellyfish and seaweed and Fern
like plants that are growing
from the ocean floor. A few
other striped fish sort of like
manta rays, and the one on the
right shows.
A diver on the floor of the sea.
A deep sea diver on the floor of
the sea. And he's.
He he's holding something about
as big as a basketball, and it
looks like a Pearl that he's
either.
Has picked up or is putting
down. He's just standing there
holding it and.
There are several sea creatures
around him.
A striped.
Horizontal striped eel creature
and it looks like a.
Like mushrooms. Or maybe they're
clams that are on the on the.
Ocean floor.
OK, here we see a a boy on the
water. And on the boy are a
number of different creatures
that are either swimming around.
There's that striped eel and the
deep sea diver is riding the.
Eel and he has that Pearl in a
basket to his left, and there
are a couple of creatures that
are climbing on the boy. The the
boy has a light on top of it and
it's a dark color with a white
middle. And there's a fish
painted on the white part and
there are a couple of seagulls
flying above. To the right is a
lighthouse.
That's two buildings of the
shorter one is.
Cylinder with the Round Top on
it, and the lighthouse is a
cylinder with a a lighthouse on
top of it. There are several
windows in them, and to the
right of to the left and right
of the island on which the
lighthouse sets or some.
Of boats, ships.
And there's another there are
the the two little boats. Paper
boats are next to the boy and in
front of the lighthouse.
So in this picture we see that
there are there are some.
Clouds or maybe smoke from the.
Ships that are out to sea. There
is a tall ship in the in the
distant background and across
the span of the. The painting is
some type of bridge. The bridge
goes beyond our our distance,
beyond the tall ship, and it
comes.
Up on the left hand side onto a
structure.
that's um
Built some height from the
ground and on top of that it's
sort of like a a round building
with the.
flag flying and the little paper
boat is looks like it's in front
of this structure on the sea.
OK, we see the.
the
The rudder of a.
Large.
Ship and we see on the ship, we
know. It's we know.
We see the anchor and the
propeller toward the.
And alongside of this.
Large ship as they looks like a.
Small fishing vessel and behind
it. Or maybe it looks like it's
carrying or pulling a a sailboat
alongside it.
On the.
Ocean in the ocean. Right behind
the large ship is a little
submarine with that checkerboard
square on its skin, and in the
background we see a number of
silos, tall buildings.
And puffy clouds in the sky.
Here on the on the left we see
a.
On the sea the.
It looks like it's it's got a
shower or something over its
head maybe to keep itself wet.
And the the creature looks like
he's talking to a man who's on a
fishing vessel or a tugboat, and
from that tugboat stands a large
zigzag ladder with a bucket on
it. And there's a a person in
that bucket looks like.
He's talking to the whale. We
have a in the foreground. We
have a a cone like
And then on on the right of
that, we see a couple of large
ships looks like they're,
they're docked and standing on
the dock or a bunch of people
just looking out, looking at the
birds on top of the deck of the
ship. And we see that there are
a lot of people looking out
watching this spectacle of the
the whale and the man having a
conversation.
And then we see some seagulls.
The boat is in the lower right
hand corner of the picture
against the Stonewall.
OK, here we see that it's.
It's a dock where ships come and
have cargo loaded and unloaded.
There are three.
It is a short building, but
long. It's dark. There are
people walking in front of it.
To the right of that is a taller
structure, sort of built like.
This in the shape of a of a
church or the could be a hall
where they would.
Like a market.
There's a Stonewall that
separates the land from the sea
and on the water here in front
of us, and we see a few.
People on it and some other
equipment. The other one has
just two people on it. There's
a.
Type of umbrella.
On that boat with a little
windsock and the little.
Paper boat is in the foreground
on the lower right. On the left
we see that the screen #9 has a
couple people standing in front
of the camera.
Thing with a that has a globe on
top of it and it looks like the
globe has people in it. Looks
like a boy with the striped
shirt and another person and
they.
Of.
The thing looks like a a fish
with a curly tail and so the the
tail is dipped into the water
and you can see it has a couple
of portholes.
In this.
In this vessel and.
It's up against a building.
OK, here we see in the water
again.
A. A type of tugboat or fishing
vessel that has.
And it's a net.
It has the creature that has the
long horn coming out of its
forehead and its grasped in a a
cargo net, sort of like it was
fishing for something.
With a striped shirt and a cap
on and he's looking down at the
little paper boat.
And in the in the background
behind that is a domed building
to the right of that or some.
Let's see, that would be that
that it's it's as big as
buildings, but it's a.
The back of a ship one is called
Explorer.
Exploratio or something like
that.
And the little paper boat now is
behind those, those ships.
Here we see a city. It looks
like there are some types of
onion Dome tops, to some of them
some circular.
Domes.
Tower in the foreground, that's
dark.
Black and Gray stripes on it
with some windows.
And just some modern buildings.
Looks like an older Renaissance
church in the background.
There is a looks like a deer or
a deer or an elk standing on top
of one of the arched buildings.
Like a canal through this town,
sort of like Venice. And the
little paper boat is sailing
along in the in the waterway.
Yeah.
OK, here we see a different view
of the the town with the the
canal and then a number of
arches that go over the canal
connecting one side to the other
set of steps coming down. Also
in the water is the second boat
we see a a someone sitting on on
the steps close to the.
Edge of the water and a serpent
like creature in the sea. It's
got stripes on it. To the left
of this we see a number of
animals. There's a cat, there's
a horse with a man riding on it.
The man.
One of the steps looking at the
at the canal and there are a few
children.
Climbing up the steps, there's
the man who was wearing a deep
sea diving.
Outfit standing on the steps and
there's another.
A person dressed like a clown in
a checkerboard type of outfit.
OK, and this. Now it's night we
see them.
Lots of stars in the sky and the
little boat is on the canal in
between the the two sides of the
of the canal to its right it's
just a a building looks like a
house a little fishing boat that
with the.
Little Hut on it where the
fishermen can stay.
And then
To the left of the boat.
Checkerboard covering on it and
four fish in the foreground.
They're above the water and
there are steps leading up to
houses or apartments on the left
side and with some street
lights.
OK, here we see a series of
pictures. The one on on the left
side of the page is a. The
little paper boat is on the
water and is a a wall with some.
Of the trees around it and
behind the the wall. And then
there's a street light that
shines in front of a a house
that's a two-story house.
And so from the top left going
right and then down, we see the.
Paper boat on the water in front
of the wall and then we see in
the next frame some type of
creature has gotten into the
boat and we see it. Another in
the 3rd frame we see.
a different type of
Creature looks like it's sitting
in the boat facing the steps.
There are steps that lead up to
the lead up the wall, and then
in the 4th frame we faintly see
the little boat and we see the
this.
#END_wanderer Creature like a
human just standing, looking
back at the little boat. This
creature ascends the steps. We
can see the legs of someone
standing there, and then the
last picture we see the wall and
just the legs of the two
creatures facing each other.
{Hey, let me see.
What's next?
Strange, really strange
pictures.
Yeah. Oh, next we have a complex
scene.
I'll pull it up.}
{So this one is just on a
complex scene like what we were
doing last week. So like this
one you could describe in like 3
to 4 minutes on what you see.}
#START_unfriendly_giants There
are a bunch of giants in this
picture and the.
The scene has you know.
In the foreground we see a
giants playing. It looks like
they're playing.
Chess and so there are 12340
half a dozen sitting around the
the chess board.
To the.
They're either eating or
drinking or or have something up
to their mouths. A couple of
them, and there are some.
Little people around them all
around in the foreground, there
are people to go left of the
guys playing checkerboards.
There are people to the right of
them, and there are people. And
in front of or to our right of
the guys who have things up to
their mouths, in the middle part
of the page we see a a female
giant, a male giant.
Now, walking toward her, just
greeting one another in the
middle. It looks like there's a
house and that.
There is a a giant approaching
this house where little people
live.
And to to its right is another
giant with the wearing a hat,
blonde hair, beard and he's got
a rope around the house.
So like a noose around the
house.
And to his right is a a giant
looks like he's sitting in the
trees, blue hat, blue shirt, and
tipping his hat to someone, no
one in particular. And again, to
the right we see a male giant
with a big mustache and yellow
vest handing a tree that's sort
of like as a bouquet to a female
giant. Who is.
Yeah.
Wait, waving with her right hand
in the air, and she's wearing a
blue dress and a yellow top.
the giants. It looks like in the
middle there who are behind some
trees and we see a castle. Looks
like Giants are three or four of
them are walking toward this
castle. And then.
We see a few who were.
In the foreground of those who
just are just sort of standing
and and walking, and in the
upper right hand of that page we
see a windmill.
#END_unfriendly_giants We see
one distinctly and then one in
the distance, and the Giants are
taller than the windmill, so one
is standing next to the windmill
looking at it.
{OK, perfect.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.}
#START_waldo-1 OK, so in this we
see a small town.
In the middle of the town is a
fountain with A and a triangle.
Out.
It's somewhat modern.
Town. The cars are like a little
Fiat or.
MG A Volkswagen bug we see some
sedans pickup trucks all right
so the all the streets are are
white and we see a a variety of
colors of buildings. They're all
about two-story buildings. We
see. Looks like a Firehouse, a
couple of shops.
Around the the town.
And we see one here in the
foreground.
Let's see a building where the
people on the roof we see must
be an apartment building. We see
people in the windows and the
2nd floor. There's a man walking
into it. So it must be their
apartment building or or maybe a
business on the bottom and the
very foreground we see in a
number of.
farmers market where people have
tents up with the red and white
or blue and white striped
awnings for roofs.
And then we see what else we see
here and we see a lot of people
on the street looking in windows
of the stores.
And we see up in the top a
crossing guard in the middle of
the street with a number of
children who are crossing the
street and.
Behind that, it looks like
they're going into a a a school,
a school building there.
It's it's got a fence around it.
What else do we see?
a pick up truck on excuse me, I
I triaxial truck in the top
right hand corner. Perhaps the a
load of something.
#END_waldo-1 They're coming to
school.
{OK, perfect. Let me see.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.}
#START_make_a_splash OK, this is
some type of water park with
many slides.
Flowing down into the water.
And it's very crowded. There are
people waiting to get on the
slides, on the left side, on the
in the middle, on the right. And
there are a lot of people of all
kinds of races standing in the
middle in the water. They're
either, you know, swimming
around a little bit or just
standing there talking. So my
guess is it's not very deep.
And there's a looks like a
pirate ship in the upper right
hand corner, where kids are
climbing on rope ladders having
fun, and in the foreground there
is a.
There are a number of people in
the water and then some kind of
sea creatures. Maybe they're.
Real. Maybe they're manufactured
that are. One is looks like a
giant frogs head, the other two
look like big. Maybe they're
beach balls that are.
Gigantic red and white polka
dots on them and then we see a
little walkway that.
Like laying in the water,
sunning themselves, or just
enjoying the water and then we
see an elephant.
#END_make_a_splash Spouting
water onto some children in the
in the pool.
{Hey, perfect.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.}
{OK.
All right.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
The right side of this, there's
a.
Structure that's holding up a
large mural or painting, and on
it it looks like there are space
age flying objects.
And some type of rocket ship
that's on the ground.
And there are people who are up
on the girders, and it looks
like they're.
Controlling merriness. And so
they have ropes coming down to
these creatures. Or maybe
they're people who, who knows?
Or maybe it's people climbing.
Up.
It's it's hard to tell. So and
then to the left of that is a
volcano and on top of the
volcano we see water or some
liquid coming out and there are
a couple of men up on top of
that being bounced around by the
the, the, the, the liquid and
there are people.
Who are on the side of the
volcano with their arms
extended.
We see a dinosaur and upper left
hand corner we see a dinosaur's
head and we see a dinosaur like
a blue Aqua colored dinosaur.
Below the the mountain, the
Volcanic volcanic mountain, we
see several other.
Dinosaur creatures milling about
in the foreground there.
Of different colors and then in
the foreground on both sides we
see.
On the left.
There are. There's a little
building with three doors in it,
and the star on top looks like
it looks like maybe a restroom
or dressing room.
A blue wall with lights on it so
it looks like they're spotlights
shining on something in the very
middle of that looks like a a
giant Dairy Queen cone, and to
the right there's a yellow.
Building.
With a lot of people.
They're crowding.
looks. It looks like people
coming in or or maybe it's a
deli or something where food is
being sold. Either Butcher shop
deli.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Bakery something.
{That's about it.
Let me see what I have next.
OK, NEXT is the story.}
{Hi I'm gonna share my screen.
OK. All right.}
#START_quest So this is a
picture of a of a bridge and.
I don't know if the bridge would
be for cars or pedestrians and
to the.
Left side of the scene is on
lamppost with a a little park
bench in it and then a little
tramp.
Bridge from the left there is a
a statue of a, a winged
creature, maybe mercury, but
this creature has its.
Right leg elevated on a rock and
it's right arm.
Pointing toward the sky, it's
left leg, toward the back, it's
left arm down underneath the the
arc Arc bridge we see a couple
of.
uh children who are looks like
they're trying to stay out of
the rain. It's rain, rainy, and
you can see raindrops.
In the foreground and the
background on the other side of
the bridge, there's a there's
another type of figure statue
that's.
And then beyond that, a couple
of light posts underneath the
bridge where the children are
standing. There's this set of
doors so that maybe a
maintenance storage or
something, but it's just a set
of doors, OK? And there are
bicycle and there's a couple
bicycles. So it looks like they
they were riding bicycles to
this through this area.
Ah, OK, and out of the doors
comes a.
A man dressed in red robes and a
red.
Hat looks like a beanie, and
he's got a long white hair and a
long white beard. The doors are
sort of a bizantine or oriental
doors, and he's got a piece of
paper in his in his left hand
and he's got his finger up to
his lips as if trying to have
the children to be silent.
And the the girl. Now we can see
more clearly. The girl is laying
on a.
A blanket and the boy is
standing, and they're both
surprised to see this man come
through the door, and above them
is a.
A winged creature that's like a
bluish color it's got. It has
the body of a.
A fish and wings and a long tail
with the three.
Umm.
Three sort of like spikes on the
end of the tail. So the next
picture shows the the the man
pointing.
He has handed the paper to the
boy and he's pointing to it.
And the creature, the wing, the
flying creature has perched
itself on his left shoulder as
he's reading this, and the girl
is.
standing.
Fall down on his back and
something is that was in his.
Left hand comes flying out of
his hand. The little girl is has
fallen backwards and the boy is
dropped his arms and the
creatures flown off his
shoulder. Then these.
Two guards who have.
They take the man away and back
into the doors, and the children
are.
Now Crouched down and.
Creature has reperched itself on
the boys left shoulder.
OK, the door is closed and.
Boy standing on the right, the
girl standing on the left. He
has the the scroll and his right
hand, and he has this little
blue cylinder in his left hand.
And then the next picture of the
I'll call it the bird. The bird
is flying above the children,
but the girl.
And the.
Boy is on the ground. It looks
like he's also drawing a key, so
they both have keys drawn and
they're.
Holding their hands up, facing
each other, holding the keys up
to each other, and the bird is.
On the ground looking up at
them. So they opened the doors
and they enter the the doors and
the bird is flying above them,
about to enter the doors as
well.
OK, let's see. Where did they
go?
Well, in this picture we see a a
Moat and to the left of the
Moat.
We see the children emerging. It
looks like they're coming out of
a.
Or they're they're on the left
hand side. I don't know they
were. This is the.
Where the door leads anyway,
they're now inside. This looks
like Castle Moat. There are a
couple of devices of flying in
the air above them, and there's
a large castle across the Moat
from them, and we see.
On a like a drop it's, it's it's
like an arc and it looks like a
a boat has.
Entered the Ark and the man who
came out to see.
Number of people in the boat,
perhaps they're they're the
rowers.
All right, so the.
The the boy and the girl are in
the foreground. They're looking
at this paper that the man
handed them, and they're they're
reading it, so they're on a
little.
Umm.
Little Rock.
Formation.
With the the city, the castle in
the background. Now we see a
bridge above that, and on the
bridge it looks like a canal
because there are boats on top
of it and there are.
Buildings to the left that have
like Byzantine tops and and we
see a fire and smoke coming out
of them, and the boat on which
the man was taken is in the
background and it's getting
further away from them. We find
out that what they're looking at
is some kind of map.
And they're with the.
6.
In the middle of the map it
looks like an island with some
water and then some peninsulas
around the the island.
And then there are two. There
are some circles drawn on that
start with blue and blue and
red, and then the circles. The
arcs have become a.
5:00 o'clock and A and a.
Clockwise motion and then inside
the circles we see a.
It looks like a tree trunk with
a door cut at the bottom and
then the city that they're in
and then it looks like.
Looks like an old Greek temple
and then a another type of
skyscraper. Then, then the last
and the.
5th one we see.
A little mountain like ice,
capped mountains like the the
Alps, and then finally a palm
tree.
All right, here they're looking
at the map and the the bird is
flying in the foreground to the
right and on the.
On the canal we see that there
are some boats.
Making their way toward them,
these look like the the gondolas
that they find and in Venice. So
the gondolas are making their
way toward the the children, the
children.
Face each other and they.
Sort of like fist bump, but
they're holding something in
their hands.
The girl has a.
She draws a device like a helmet
that they would deep sea diver
would wear, and then the boy is.
Touching a an octopus of some
sort and then they dive into the
water along with the birds.
Month.
All right.
Some.
Old Roman or or Greek building
with columns on it. There's no
there's no roof to it and it's
surrounded, it looks like by a a
walled city, something
resembling the the Coliseum and
then it has a couple of sky or
sky towers around the around
this temple.
They are now inside the temple
and they're looking at.
Little table structure that's
made of sea horses and a shell
and they're there's something on
it. So they're both wearing deep
sea diving helmets as they're
exploring this. They also have
fins on and the.
Picture they start to swim away.
Because it looks like they're
being chased by.
Underwater creatures who have
Spears and are swimming towards
them.
And the next picture, they
emerge from the water and they
are on a an island and it's
filled with palm trees and the
bird is above them and here
they're drawing.
The girl is on top. She's on top
of a.
Art that they drew. And so
they're they're drawing
something that looks like the
shape of a rhinoceros at this
point, and the bird is perched
on the boys right shoulder and
in his right arm hand is
grasping the map that they have.
All right, all right. So they've
made some type of dinosaur.
And the dinosaur is headed looks
like some ancient ruins, like
Mayan or ruins, Inca ruins, and
in Mexico or South America and
they're approaching a like a 2.
Statues that act as an entryway
to the to this village, to these
ruins.
And in the background we see in
the water there emerges a small
island with a a statue on top of
it and there are looks like
there are ropes that go from the
the ruins out to this structure
on this island.
OK, this is a closer.
bridge
All right, now they find that
they are on top of the structure
and they're being now chased by
a couple of guards who are on
the footbridge and have come
across from the the land. The
boy and girl are now drawing.
He's drawing.
Things that look like giant
popsicle sticks.
And she is drawing a little
looks like a little 2 by 6.
And what they've done is they've
made, they've they've made
themselves a swing.
And the swing is attached to the
feet of a.
A giant.
Let's see. What do you call
those
Like a dragonfly. And so the
dragonfly is pulling them to
safety. And the the the there
are some guards who are trying
to get hold of them. They're
grasping for their feet, but the
children looks like they've
escaped, and they're flying
toward the, toward the.
One of the Rocky, Snowy
Mountains.
All right, so now they've
arrived to a what looks like a
Buddhist temple, and there's a
Buddhist statue at the bottom of
this temple. It it looks so, it
must be like in the Himalayas.
And.
And so they take.
Looks like a.
The girl has a.
Like a belt with various looks,
like curler objects attached to
it, a different colors and
they're standing on top of this
roof looking at this and the
bird is hovering over them.
All right. So now in this,
they're being pursued by people
in helium or hydrogen balloons
that are.
Flying above them, and now
they're.
They're trapped again. The bird
is in the middle and between
them, and then in the next scene
we see that.
That.
There are three.
Perhaps hovering around in the
sky.
All right. And this one.
There are escapists.
Yeah, the the the piece of
material that the girl was
looking at is now has become a
rainbow and the bird is taking
the the belt and it's creating a
rainbow for the children. And
there are still being pursued by
people in balloons and now
there's somebody who's.
There's some guards on the right
that are very close to them on
some type of.
There their balloon is.
Vertical and so.
They're trying to make their way
to to the children.
So the.
Umm.
The rainbow extends from where
the Buddhist statue was, down
into a body of water alongside
of.
Some.
Our bridge viaduct, maybe and.
In the background there we see
that there is a water that's
flowing from the.
Another higher viaduct into the,
into the, into the water and
the.
Children have taken the rainbow
and and now they are.
Uh.
I guess they've escaped. And
they've escaped by way of the
rainbow. And at the end of the
rainbow is a is a boat.
like.
A paddle boat with a number of
people on it and the bird is
flying over them.
OK, so now we see that the
little children are entering.
a City.
On a rhinoceros.
And the the riding on top of it.
Inside of a a little canopy and
they have a.
A driver or a guide who's
sitting in front of them and and
so they're in this city that has
a Moat.
In.
Or another paddle boat and there
there isn't sort of like an
entourage behind them and in the
in the background we see all
kinds of towers and looks like a
bell towers and.
Big cupolas from churches and so
on.
OK. And now they have they're,
they're getting off the
rhinoceros and there's the man.
Who had the?
The older man with the long
beard and long white hair is
there to greet.
Is drawing a zigzag in above
them.
And then what he is drawing is a
crown.
for
He's placing it on the little
boy's head, who's kneeling in
front of him, and then they they
are leaving him. The girl is
going through the door. The boy
is waving goodbye.
And the man is standing there in
the birds hovering above them.
So now they go back out through
the doors and the rain has
stopped. And what they.
The doors and depart on the
other side of the.
Umm.
#END_quest Bridge. There's a
rainbow over their city, and
they're just standing there
looking at it, and they're both
wearing crowns and the little
bird is hovering above them.
{Hey, if you need like a two or
three minute break, grab a
drink. You could do that now and
I'll start setting up the next
item.}
{Kids under their beds. All
parents.}
{Hey, this one is a short
story.}
{OK, should I just start?
Start.}
#START_arrival-1 So what I see
in the top.
Frame is a picture of a, a
couple and their.
It looks like their daughter and
so someone is taking the picture
off the it must be a mantle.
And.
Wrapping it in paper.
And then after wrapping it in
paper, tying it with the
strength.
Taking the package now.
And.
They don't see the package, you
just see a setup
Right hand.
And the person is wearing long
sleeves and then
The hand, the right hand.
is on the.
Table in the left hand is on top
of the right hand.
OK, so on the left side of the
page we see these objects, an
origami bird.
A mantle clock.
A hat and a towel or some garmet
on hooks on the wall.
Umm.
a pot with a lid.
And a spoon in front of it.
Crumpled drawing of.
A man and a woman with some.
Things in the background a.
A kettle of a tea kettle.
With steam coming out of it.
A.
A cup of I'm gonna guess a cup
of tea with a couple of pictures
in front of it.
Yeah, a box with some items in
it looks like.
A towels and something like a
stick sticking out of it. And
again the picture of the the
couple and their.
In the foreground.
They are standing around a
table.
And they have a like a suitcase
that they have on the table, and
they are joining hands, her
right hand and his.
Her left hand and his right
hand.
On top of the suitcase in front
of them are two cups of tea and
a tea kettle and three chairs
around the table.
OK, here at the top we see.
Little girl who's in bed, she's
laying on her right side, the
covers come up to her, her nose
and then she wakes up and you
see the sun upon her forehead
and eyes and then she gets.
Sits up in bed, still covered up
against it.
A bowl of something. She looks
to her left as she sits down
with her spoon and she she's
looking. The next picture is the
suitcase.
And then the man who's putting
on a a Derby.
And then the woman who's putting
on a headscarf and then the
woman's hands tying.
Something around the the girl's
neck as she's putting on a hat
and then.
Someone's one of them, the girl
or the woman putting on boots,
and then the girl is holding the
the suitcase in front of her and
then the the man looks, he's
looking down and he has his
right hand extended toward her.
And then the next scene we see
that they.
They're walking in.
All right.
And then we see.
Three pictures of the girl,
she's wearing a a stocking hat
and in the first picture she's
just looking up into the sky and
then down. And here we see that
one of one of the adults is
holding her hand and then she's
looking.
Ahead and we see that there's a
train coming and there are
people waiting for the train.
It's must be cold.
Fired, trained and has a lot of
smoke coming out of it. We see
another picture of the girl
facing toward her toward the
left side of the picture. So
she's facing to her right and
her father's hand on her left
shoulder. And there we see the
little he's taking off his hat,
and underneath the hat it's the
little origami
Her. So he's talking to her.
She's looking at the origami
bird.
He hugs her.
And then we see her looking
through her to the left, holding
the bird. Her mother is crying.
Her mother and father hug each
other.
You know? The man whispers in
his wife's ear. And then
And there's a picture of now
people getting on the train.
There are three hands touch in
and the next picture and then
their hands.
release from each other we see
the train leaving.
We see the caboose and then the
smoke of the train in the
distance.
Then we see here the picture of
the the family, Father, mother
and daughter, and then someone.
It looks like the father.
It shows him holding a bowl of
something, soup, perhaps eating.
Must be left-handed. He's eating
with his left hand and the spoon
spoons in his left hand. He's
he's looking at the picture and
then the next is a circular
picture of the man.
Sitting with the bowl on his
lap.
Looking back and the picture in
the background on the smaller
picture and then three small
circles and then now we see a
number of.
#END_arrival-1 Circles on on a
black background and as it pulls
away we see it's an ocean liner
and then we see the full picture
of the ocean liner.
{OK, let me see what we have
next.
OK, we have another short
story.}
{OK, let's see. We see the the
same.}
#START_arrival-2 And then it
looks like a man and woman and
they're all wearing some type of
scarves or towels on their head.
And then the next picture we see
three.
People in in dark coats and
pants, all wearing hats, just
sitting and looks like they're
sitting on a bench.
We see a woman holding an infant
wrapped in in swaddling clothes
and then a a man walking away
from her. He's wearing a.
Fedora.
And then he's sitting and he's.
Looking at a book, we see in the
next picture, he's writing
something in the book, and then
he has a piece of paper, and
then he starts to tear out of
the book and he makes an origami
bird out of it. He looks at the
bird and then he looks behind
him and he starts to walk.
Birds.
All these birds.
And in the next scene we see it
looks like a a crowded city,
lots of skyscrapers. The city
probably is the size of New York
with a lot of people on the ship
looking at at the.
Looking at the city.
And then?
In the next over to the right we
see.
It looks like a statue of two.
People greeting one another. The
man on the left.
Extends his hand. He's wearing
a.
I can't tell if it's a man or a
woman.
But the person is wearing a a
hat. It's like a pill box type
hat. And on the.
Person's arm is a looks like a
giant, looks like a giant rat
with its tail hanging down.
There's a suitcase and some
bowls and jugs at the bottom,
and the person on the right is
wearing a sort of like a a a
triangle type.
A bird on his shoulder and
beneath him some objects, sort
of like a.
A pail with a handle and a lid
to it, a tea pot and a looks
like a teepee type item there
and then in between the ocean
liner and and that.
This is a smaller vessel, sort
of like taking people.
No.
Across the Bay.
OK, so this is a picture.
Of the front of the ocean liner
with all kinds of seagulls
flying in front and a little.
Side of it. And then we have a
series of pictures. Here we see
a.
Oh, half a dozen people.
Just standing there, maybe
looking at the city.
And then we see a a man in a
white coat and a white, tall
white stove pipe hat, giving
instructions, shouting through a
megaphone.
And then we see hands of people.
And fastening the.
The gates to go from the ship.
Some an older man, a younger
man, child, woman.
#END_arrival-2 And we see a
picture of more people who are
moving and a long line of people
standing and and walking to
wherever they're going.
{OK, next we have another short
story.
Sorry.}
#START_return Here we see a
young man with a beard sitting
on a stool and working at a
drawing table either in his
office or his apartment, and
he's got a desk lamp over his
head.
Below, let's see. It looks like
we're looking at a cut out of a
of an apartment building with
different rooms in it. So to his
right we see that there is a a
set of stairs going down, and on
the landing next to the stairs
there are a couple of.
It looks like and then next to
that is a.
is a bedroom.
{I need to move the.
This.
This.}
OK. And then next to the bedroom
is a small bathroom with a a
sink in it.
All right, underneath the man in
the.
Stairs coming from the.
2nd floor and then at the bottom
of the stairs is either a
picture or mirror in an Oval
shape.
And then to the right of that we
see what looks like a a pantry.
We see a lot of cabinets that
floor coming up to a table
height and then a set of
cabinets above that.
Next frame is the just a set of
stairs going up.
To a second story and then a
boy.
In his bedroom, drawing on the
wall.
{There's something under that,
but I can't. It's cut off.}
All right.
Here we see the man who is
working at the drawing table. He
looks behind him and he sees
that there is a a kite laying on
the floor with a tail. He gets
off his stool and he crouches
down and he picks up the kite
and then.
The drawing table, the stool and
then the kite lying in the
opposite direction originally
was so in the next scene we see.
The man has entered.
The bottom bedroom. The door is
open, and now he's looking
through an archway that the
little boy had drawn in one of
the previous frames.
And what he does when he's.
He enters through this archway.
And he comes into a a force with
many looks like Chinese lanterns
hanging above him, and lights
strung from tree to tree. And
then across from him is a A.
On the pond there is a a dock
and on the dock is a round red
object.
And the man gets over to the
dock and he picks up the the
round object and he's standing
on the dock as a dragon boat
starts to come down this canal,
this waterway. And so he the
boat stops at the.
Dock. And then the man is
standing there with the object,
and then when it gets to the
middle of the dock, he proceeds
to get on. And then as he gets
on, he is sort of like, you
know.
Stooped position and it departs
from the boat, departs from the
dock.
The boat takes him to a castle
and there is a.
An arc arch that leads into the
castle and the castle is done up
with some towers and some
aqueduct.
And a number of round cupolas
and bell towers and so on. And
then to the right of that is a
waterway and there is a.
It's a moonlit full moon night
and and it lights up some of the
buildings opposite the the
waterway.
And there is a car crossing over
the bridge connecting the two
structures.
Here he gets off the the Dragon
boat and onto a wooden dock.
There, and he has.
Something in his.
Something in his hand. And so
he's looks like he's leaped from
the from the boat to the dock,
holding this object in his right
hand. And there's some children,
one running up the stairs, one.
Standing at the top of the
stairs.
With a woman there. And then
there's this.
Bird like creature we saw in the
in one of the previous stories.
So what happens is the man.
Approaches the older gentleman
we saw in a previous story, with
the long white hair and the long
white beard and wearing a crown,
and then he sees his.
The the boy and the girl both
wearing, both wearing crowns.
They're the.
And there is a throne behind the
girl.
She's looking away from her
father.
So here we see that.
In the foreground, from left to
right, we see the the the
father, the daughter, the son,
and then the old man. Behind the
the son. And in the background
we see that through this doorway
comes a man who must be a guard
of some some sort, and he's
coming from this castle to the
outside.
And then in the next frame we
see the the another boat we see.
Waterway and we see some other
guards coming up stairs, and we
see the the old man with his
hand in the air.
And now night and the little boy
and the father and the daughter
are standing there.
From from here.
We see that the.
Man has a a long pipe in his
hand with like a 90 degree elbow
on it, and it's got to that part
of the the pipe is as very
short.
And the the family is now
standing behind him, and he's
facing the the guards who are
coming toward him. So as it
turns out, it's some type of
sword.
And or.
And he points it at the first
guard.
Well then comes up with a. He
has a a box of some sort that
takes everything from like a
giant magnet that takes all the
metal from from the man and two
other guards.
Detain him while the first Guard
runs away.
So in the next frame we see that
the.
Umm.
The boy is starting to Draw
Something that looks like a a
bird that looks like a wing.
They're standing there and the
daughter is standing there
holding the the bird, the little
bird, and then there's someone
running toward them.
I have to move this box.
OK, and this.
picture we see.
That they've gotten onto this,
it's like a a winged bird, like
what is that Pegasus or
something? And it's flying.
No winged horses flying into the
night sky with the full moon
behind him.
Escaping the the guard.
And over the over the body of
water.
Here.
We see that.
As they're flying.
Then it looks like.
The village behind the city, or
the castle behind him is.
being
The boy is holding up his hands
as if hurtling.
The the Guards and the buildings
down like backwards.
And they're they're making their
escape. The father and the
daughter are looking back toward
the city.
All right, so.
In this picture we see.
A.
It's got the bottom of a of a
boat, so it's got like a, a, a
rudder in the middle of it.
And the.
The father is grabbing his son's
hand and it looks like they've
been they've been captured by
the guards. Their father now in
this next frame.
He's trying to grab his
daughter's hand and she's fallen
into the into they're both in
the ocean and her crown is
coming off, but she's still
holding the bird.
So in the next frame we see that
the.
Two figures, the father and the
daughter are underwater and it
looks like they're they're going
down into the water and so she
gets out her.
Pencil and she starts drawing
something. It looks like some
type of of bottle.
And in this frame.
We see some.
Some sea life, some sea plants
underneath on the ocean floor
and we see it looks like they've
made it to the surface of the
water and there's some, there's
some mountains in the background
and then in the next frame it
looks like they're in some type
of submarine and so.
He looks like he's guiding the
submarine on the lower level and
she's looking through a
Periscope on the upper level of
the submarine.
So the submarine takes them.
Into what looks like a cavern.
They're in this large cavern.
And.
It's it's very dark and we see.
Figures people looks like humans
above it.
And around it in throughout the
scene.
Like, get out of the submarine
and they're all they're looking
up, but they're looking at the
drawings. They're on the walls.
And so that's there are drawings
on the walls. They're looking at
a particular drawing that looks
like.
From the previous from the
previous story where the boys
kneeling down and the man is
giving him a crown and sister
standing behind him and then in
the seat behind him, it's the
opening to the to the sea and
the sky.
And so into the.
Mouth of the cavern come.
Some people on a like a dragon
boat.
And so the father we see in the
next picture.
Looking at his daughter and the
bird is between them and his
fingers in the sky, so he starts
to draw a line.
Up and then it looks like he's.
He's drawing a A frame with a.
A swing for the bird to sit on.
And so and and this frame. Then
we see the father and the
daughter, and the bird is
sitting on this swing, and it's.
It's all framed in with with the
top and sides and pedestal, and
someone is.
the old man's stuff is running
toward it.
And so as he runs toward it now.
The the bird knocks the box out
of his hand. It goes flying on
the bird.
Umm.
What happens to the bird? All
the the bird is still in there
and the sides of the.
What looked like ramps. They
fold up and now they capture the
man in a in a cage.
So in the next frame and we see
that.
Looks like the the man has
there's a a big white flash in
front of him and from this flash
we see all kind of swirl of
different colors. We see the
bird up in the upper left, but
we see.
Purple figure like a a dragon
type of bird and then we see.
A lot of gold and red colors and
we see on the right hand side of
the page the the older man with
the the boy coming toward them.
Two of the guards and that
dragon boat and and it looks
like they're shielding their
faces from.
What has happened
In the next frame.
We see standing from left to
right, or the father or the
daughter, the old man with the
bird on his left shoulder and
the young boy wearing his crown.
And then uh, this dragon like
creature has carried the the
cage away with the the guard in
in the cage the next is.
They're standing on ground.
A doorway behind the.
The father, his daughter, is
hugging him.
And the old man is standing and
in a background with the little
boy, the bird on his right
shoulder, and the little boy
standing there, and the a man
has his left hand behind the
boy's back.
All right. And then in this
picture we see a kite flying in
the foreground against a
background of skyscrapers and
tall buildings in the park. We
see a trees in the park and we
see a wall of some sort.
Underneath the trees and then in
the frames above, you can't see
the top frame very well, but and
the frame underneath that we see
that little door opening to the
light.
Entering into the into the
bedroom.
And then we see two other rooms.
Beneath that.
#END_return And it's it's really
dark and I know there are rooms,
{I can't see much detail in
them.}
{OK, let me see.
Next is a complex scene.}
{OK.
Alright.}
#START_deep_sea_divers OK, this
is a.
An ocean scene and above above
water we see a lot of boats,
small fishing vessels for maybe
three or four people. Some have.
Sails on them, most do not and
then we see people fishing off
them. All the boats have are
striped horizontally. We see a
couple of large fish like whales
and we see a couple of little.
Rock formations sticking out of
the water and people are sitting
on those fishing and then
underneath below the water we
see a lot of different size.
And different shapes and colors
of fish and then we see some and
looks like the school of fish
have gotten together and they've
created some some drawings that
there's like a smiley face you
see a A of a person, two eyes
nose, smiling mouth, face we see
a school of fish. You have
created a a fish and so they're.
I see that and then.
And.
We see different. Whale looks
like a barracudas. Let's see
swordfish.
You see at the bottom an
octopus.
And we see some other.
Other types of fish, just a
whole bunch of fish. Here we see
some people underneath in the
water who are fishing, perhaps
trying to capture a fish. So
they're, they're.
#END_deep_sea_divers Deep in the
water, somewhere on the ocean
floor, walking around and so we
just see a lot of people under
the water, on top of the water
and a lot of different fish
doing some, making some
interesting patterns.
{OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
Right.}
#START_escape_from_the_zoo All
right, this is.
This is a zoo. We see all the
animals you would see in a zoo.
Rhinoceros, giraffe, zebras,
monkeys of of different kinds as
well as.
The in the middle of the page on
the left hand side it looks like
an ice.
Ice building some type of
building for.
Polar bears and.
And animals like that. We see
some flamingos walking around
near the zebras and we see some
lions.
In the foreground, on the left
hand side.
And we see it rhinoceros, we see
some people inside the exhibit
where the rhinoceros is and we
see people outside. Looks like
the rhinoceros started to move
and people are trying to get out
of the way. We see giraffes
above that.
As well as some type of
antelope, we see an anteater, we
see birds and someone flying a
bird flying up a single engine
prop over the giraffes.
And the across the top we see it
looks like some kind of.
Night animals? Maybe a raccoon?
Yeah.
And we see some.
White.
Lions. Maybe those are the polar
bears.
And.
Let's see, we see some
elephants.
We see a big ice cream cone
right in the middle and where
people are buying ice cream and
we see a hot dog vendor below
that and where people are lined
up to get hot dogs up in the top
right we see some a couple of
buildings, ones a cafe, the
other is a a gift shop.
And then?
#END_escape_from_the_zoo We see
just people walking around and
we see some gorillas up in the
upper right hand corner as well,
climbing on rocks and showing
off and those kind of things.
{Hey.
Next is another complex scene.}
#START_campsite OK, this looks
like a camp like Camping USA.
There are different.
So at the top we see some.
Maybe fields fewer?
People.
Up there and then as we move
downward across and we see a
number of.
Trailers or campers that were
are parked and families gathered
around them. There are different
types of of trailers and.
There's.
People who are sitting along the
the waterway there fishing and
there are there's a, there's a
little.
A boat going through the middle
of it with people sitting on it.
They're up there in bathing
suits. They're people who are
swimming in the in the waterway.
There's a bridge that goes over
from one side to the other.
People crossing that on the on
the foreground from the left, we
see a little structure up in the
left hand corner and then.
We see a fenced area or a hedged
area where there are it looks
like a donkey and then maybe
looks like a bull or some kind
of animal with with a tail and
some other another one just
below that. And then on this
side these are mostly tents,
different types of tents that
people have pitched, different
colors, square ones.
Triangle ones, big bigger tents,
little pup tents, and we see
that.
#END_campsite People are just
enjoying camping there and then
to the lower right we just see
some people making their way
while.
{OK, let me see. That's good for
today. Wait, let me just see
something.
Um.}
{We just have to meet one more
time, then we'll be able to
finish the rest of the stimuli.
If you want to schedule that now
or if you want to e-mail me your
availability, which let me do
that.}
I'll check with my wife about
things for for next week. Are
you working Monday or? Yeah, I'm
available.
I'm available Monday and.
Two, today I'm running people
from 9 to 11 on both of those
days, but I'm available after 11
both those days.
Oh, OK, after 11, alright, I'll
I'll get back to you.
And so it would be another two
hour session. Yeah and it.
My well OK so we have 12345678.
Nine, we have 10 items left.
Or five of them are stories and
five of them are complex scenes.
So we yeah, so.
Like the complex scenes like are
shorter, so they usually take
like 2 to 3 minutes. So we
probably could finish it, yeah,
within those two hours.
And then, uh, do I get an e-mail
that the card was replenished? I
will. I will ask. So I don't
know if they have to send you a
new one or not. I will ask.
My the lab manager.
To see if it yeah, so like you
wouldn't get any money until
after all the sessions are up,
but I'll ask if they can
replenish it.
On that card.